feat: checker version "do not match" patterns (#2777)
intel/cve-bin-tool: cve_bin_tool/checkers/README.md

class CurlChecker(Checker):
```

> Every checker must contain following 5 class attributes specific to product(ex: curl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every checker may contain following 5 class attributes specific to product(ex: curl)
```

you are making checker for:

1. CONTAINS_PATTERNS - list of commonly found strings in the binary of the product
2. FILENAME_PATTERNS - list of different filename for the product
3. VERSION_PATTERNS - list of version patterns found in binary of the product.
4. VENDOR_PRODUCT - list of vendor product pairs for the product as they appear in
NVD.

> 5. IGNORE_PATTERNS - list of false patterns that may be found in the binary of the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. IGNORE_PATTERNS (optional) - list of patterns that could cause false positives (e.g. error messages that mention specific product/versions)
```
